Places to Visit
===============================

HK is very special in that each tiny district / neighbourhood has an extremely distinct feel to them. Some districts
are so fully packed with unique attractions that it's worth staying in the area for a half-day or a full-day. For ease
of planning I've therefore grouped the most common attractions into districts first.

Central (with Sheung Wan / Admiralty)
-------------------------------

Central is the main business district of HK with lots of skyscrapers and giant malls. But it's built on a hill so the
whole district is on a super steep slope. As you climb higher it becomes less "metropolitan" and rapidly turns local,
with lots of dai pai dong street food, random market stalls and restaurants.

### Victoria Peak ★★★★★

The Peak is a MUST do. The view you get from the top of the mountain is breathtaking. You get to see the entire city
from the Hill. Typically people take **the Tram** up, it's a classic tourist experience. However, I personally find it
to be overrated since it's super crowded and you don't really see much of anything. Taking the bus up is actually
better. You also get to see the houses there, which are literally the most expensive houses in the entire world. When
you reach the peak, you can go up the tower to see the views, but it's expensive and it actually doesn't have the best
views. Go to [**Lugard Road**](https://patkay.com/blogs/pk/lugard-road-victoria-peak-best-view) instead, you get to see
the views much better unobstructed and it's a great photo spot. It's especially good during sunrise if you can wake up
and go early enough.

### Lan Kwai Fong ★★★★★

Some of the best nightlife in the world. Lots of bars and clubs packed together. Lots of drunk people, music, dancing.
Would recommend you at least pre-drink before you go. If you plan to get drunk there you'll be bankrupt quickly.

### Tai Kwun ★★★★★

### HSBC and Bank of China Towers ★★★★

### Man Mo Temple ★★★

### St John's Cathedral ★★

### Mid-Levels Escalators ★

Mong Kok
-------------------------------

Mong Kok is where I grew up so I have a huge fondness for it.

### Temple Street Night Market ★★★★★

It's a giant flea market with
lots of food shops behind the stalls and it looks amazing with lots of neon lights. Make sure to haggle if you're
buying anything. Also watch your pockets at the market. **Ladies Market** is another flea / food market there but that
one is mostly in the afternoon. **Sino Centre** is one of my favourite places in the world, it's a shopping centre
that's specifically gaming stuff, comics and collectibles. Also some street food stalls sell curry fishballs, please
try some they're heavenly. Or another one is **Sin Tat Plaza** which is a shopping centre specifically for phones.
There's also a specific **goldfish street** and **bird market** that's a sight to behold.

### Golden Computer Arcade ★★★★★

### Ladies' Market ★★★★

### Bird Garden and Market ★★★

### Sino Centre ★★★

### Goldfish Market ★★

### Sincere Podium ★

Wong Tai Sin / Diamond Hill
-------------------------------

### Wong Tai Sin Temple ★★★★★

Really large Taoist (not Buddhist) temple. It's super cool. But if you're going there, watch your valuables and don't
let people sell you overpriced tourist crap. They'll sell you incense at extortionate prices telling you they grant
wishes or something. Just be aware of that. Also in case you get confused, Wong Tai Sin is also the name of the
district so don't confuse it with the actual temple.

### Nan Lian Garden ★★★★★

### Chi Lin Nunnery ★★★★

Tsim Sha Tsui
-------------------------------

### Victoria Harbour (Avenue of Stars) ★★★★★

Victoria Harbour is where all the typical photos of Hong Kong are taken with all the skyscrapers. It's again a **MUST**.
Don't see it from the HK side though, go to the Kowloon side because the skyscrapers are much prettier on the HK side.
The Avenue of Stars is a very nice walk around the harbour on the Kowloon side.

### Palace Museum ★★★★

### Tsim Sha Tsui Star Ferry Pier ★★★

### Museum of History ★★

Sai Kung
-------------------------------

Sai Kung is a sea-side town with a very vibrant market and pier. It's an area that feels really different compared to
the rest of Hong Kong.

### Sai Kung Market / Seafood Street ★★★★★

Have a walk around the town where there are a LOT of restaurants. My friends and I used to just walk down the street,
going into a dozen restaurants just ordering one or two things from each one. It's an absolute blast.

### Sai Kung Public Pier ★★★★★

If you go in the morning, you'll see lots of fishing boats parked around the pier selling fresh seafood to people. It's
really cool to see people looking over the pier as people in the fishing boats toss the seafood up to the customers.
There are also lots of boat rides you can take to a lot of tiny islands, where there are super interesting features.
There's a small island that just has a chapel on it. Some boat tours take you to some gorgeous beaches and mini hiking
trails. You can also kayak there if you want.

### Hong Kong Global Geopark ★★★★★

The Hong Kong Global Geopark is a UNESCO geological site and it looks awesome. The Geopark is technically across a huge
area across Eastern Hong Kong, but the most interesting features are around Sai Kung. You need to take a boat to get
there, make sure you go in the morning since the boats stop in the afternoon. The boats will take you to different
islands and caves all around Sai Kung where the hexagonal volcanic rock columns look really cool. Definitely worth
seeing.

Lantau Island
-------------------------------

### Ngong Ping (Big Buddha) ★★★★★

It's a giant bronze buddha. Looks really cool and impressive. It's at the top of a mountain, you can take the cable car
to get there which is also very nice. But I'd actually recommend also hiking there. The hiking trail in that area is
fantastic, you get to see the traditional farming villages and the nature is breathtaking. See the hiking section.

### Tai O Fishing Village ★★★★

Places to Avoid
-------------------------------

### Disneyland

### Observation Wheel